docs: new monitoring and metrics docs (DOCS-3693) (#5808)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/operate-and-deploy/monitoring-and-metrics.md

> # Monitoring and monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Monitoring and metrics
```

## Context

ksqlDB publishes metrics via JMX ([Java Management
Extensions](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javamanagement.html))
which help you monitor what is happening inside of ksqlDB's servers. A
comprehensive set of metrics are published, including number of rows
processed, throughput, throughput distribution, and error rate.

> ## Enabling monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable monitoring
```

You must explictly enable monitoring on each ksqlDB server. To enable
it in a Docker-based deployment, export an environment variable named
`KSQL_JMX_OPTS` with your JMX configuration and expose the port that
JMX will communicate over.

> To illustrate how that should look, take a look at this Docker Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Docker Compose
```

> snippet. This is an example of how ksqlDB server can be configured for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example shows how you can configure monitoring for ksqlDB server.
```

> monitoring. The surrounding components, like the broker and CLI, are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The surrounding components, like the broker and CLI, are
```

    - "1099:1099"
  environment:
    KSQL_LISTENERS: "http://0.0.0.0:8088"
    KSQL_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS: "broker:9092"
    KSQL_KSQL_SCHEMA_REGISTRY_URL: "http://schema-registry:8081"
    KSQL_KSQL_LOGGING_PROCESSING_STREAM_AUTO_CREATE: "true"
    KSQL_KSQL_LOGGING_PROCESSING_TOPIC_AUTO_CREATE: "true"
    KSQL_JMX_OPTS: >
      -Djava.rmi.server.hostname=localhost
      -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote
      -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port=1099
      -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticate=false
      -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=false
      -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.rmi.port=1099
```

With respect to monitoring, here it what this does:

- The environment variable `KSQL_JMX_OPTS` is supplied to the server
  with various arguments. The `>` character lets you write a
  multi-line string in Yaml, which makes this long argument easier to
  read. The advertised hostname, port, and security settings are
  configured. JMX has a wide range of [configuration
  options](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/management/agent.html),
  and you can set these however you like.

- Port `1099` is exposed, which corresponds to the JMX port set in the

>   `KSQL_JMX_OPTS` configuration. This allows remote monitoring tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `KSQL_JMX_OPTS` configuration. This enables remote monitoring tools
```

  to communicate into ksqlDB's process.

## Verifying your monitoring setup

An easy way to check that ksqlDB is properly emitting metrics is by
using `jconsole`. JConsole is a graphical monitoring tool to monitor
the JVM, and it ships with by default with Oracle JDK installations.

> On your host machine, simply run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your host machine, run the command:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

jconsole
```

You will be prompted for a host and port. If you used the example

> configuration, `localhost:1099` will establish the connection. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration, `localhost:1099` establishes the connection. You
```
